README.md, before:

[![release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA)](https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA/releases)
[![NewareNDA regression tests](https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA/actions/workflows/NewareNDA_pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA/actions/workflows/NewareNDA_pytest.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://coveralls.io/github/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA?branch=development)
# NewareNDA

© 2022-2024 Copyright SES AI
<br>Author: Daniel Cogswell
<br>Email: danielcogswell@ses.ai

Python module and command line tool for reading and converting Neware nda and ndax battery cycling files. Auxiliary temperature fields are currently supported in both formats.

# Installation
To install the latest version from the PyPi package repository:
```
pip install --upgrade NewareNDA
```

To install the development branch directly from Github:
```
pip install git+https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA.git@development
```

To install from source, clone this repository and run:
```
cd NewareNDA
pip install .
```

# Usage
```
import NewareNDA
df = NewareNDA.read('filename.nda')
```

## Logging
Additional test information including active mass, remarks, and BTS versions is returned via [logging](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html). The following command will print this logging information to the terminal:
```
import logging
logging.basicConfig()
```

## Command-line interface:
```
usage: NewareNDA-cli [-h]
                     [-f {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}]
                     [-s] [-v]
                     [-l {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}]
                     [-c {chg,dchg,auto}]
                     in_file out_file

Script for converting Neware NDA files to other file formats. The default
output format is csv. Other formats may require installing additional
packages.

positional arguments:
  in_file               input file
  out_file              output file

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}, --format {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}
  -s, --software_cycle_number
                        Generate the cycle number field to match old versions
                        of BTSDA.
  -v, --version         show version
  -l {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}, --log_level {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}
                        Set the logging level for NewareNDA
  -c {chg,dchg,auto}, --cycle_mode {chg,dchg,auto}
                        Selects how the cycle is incremented.
```

# Troubleshooting
If you encounter a key error, it is often the case that your file has a hardware setting that we have not seen before. Usually it is a quick fix that requires comparing output from BTSDA with values extracted by NewareNDA. Please start a new Github Issue and we will help debug.

Commit message:

README and pyproject updates for fork.

README.md, after:

[![release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA)](https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA/releases)
[![NewareNDA regression tests](https://github.com/d-cogswell/NewareNDA/actions/workflows/NewareNDA_pytest.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/d-cogswell/NewareNDA/actions/workflows/NewareNDA_pytest.yml)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/d-cogswell/NewareNDA/badge.svg?branch=development)](https://coveralls.io/github/d-cogswell/NewareNDA?branch=development)
# NewareNDA

© 2022-2024 Copyright SES AI
<br>Author: Daniel Cogswell

Python module and command line tool for reading and converting Neware nda and ndax battery cycling files. Auxiliary temperature fields are currently supported in both formats.

This repository is a fork for independent development of the [original NewareNDA project](https://github.com/Solid-Energy-Systems/NewareNDA).

# Installation
To install the latest version from the PyPi package repository:
```
pip install --upgrade NewareNDA
```

To install the development branch directly from Github:
```
pip install git+https://github.com/d-cogswell/NewareNDA.git@development
```

To install from source, clone this repository and run:
```
cd NewareNDA
pip install .
```

# Usage
```
import NewareNDA
df = NewareNDA.read('filename.nda')
```

## Logging
Additional test information including active mass, remarks, and BTS versions is returned via [logging](https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html). The following command will print this logging information to the terminal:
```
import logging
logging.basicConfig()
```

## Command-line interface:
```
usage: NewareNDA-cli [-h]
                     [-f {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}]
                     [-s] [-v]
                     [-l {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}]
                     [-c {chg,dchg,auto}]
                     in_file out_file

Script for converting Neware NDA files to other file formats. The default
output format is csv. Other formats may require installing additional
packages.

positional arguments:
  in_file               input file
  out_file              output file

options:
  -h, --help            show this help message and exit
  -f {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}, --format {csv,excel,feather,hdf,json,parquet,pickle,stata}
  -s, --software_cycle_number
                        Generate the cycle number field to match old versions
                        of BTSDA.
  -v, --version         show version
  -l {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}, --log_level {CRITICAL,FATAL,ERROR,WARN,WARNING,INFO,DEBUG,NOTSET}
                        Set the logging level for NewareNDA
  -c {chg,dchg,auto}, --cycle_mode {chg,dchg,auto}
                        Selects how the cycle is incremented.
```

# Troubleshooting
If you encounter a key error, it is often the case that your file has a hardware setting that we have not seen before. Usually it is a quick fix that requires comparing output from BTSDA with values extracted by NewareNDA. Please start a new Github Issue and we will help debug.
